hey folks it's St From Evolution
Unleashed or is it h today we're looking
into the world of deep fakes and I'm
going to show you how far this
technology has come what's available to
you right now at your fingertips and
then we're going to talk about some of
the downsides of this Tech some of the
big scams that have already happened
using deep fake technology but before we
do that let's actually go and see how
good it's got and I'm going to give you
a little example
of a video I
created uh of
me using deep fake
technology hey you know folks St From
Evolution Unleashed here today's video
is 100% AI generated what is really
quite sobering is how fast I was able to
create this video firstly I used 11 labs
to clone my voice using their
professional version which requires at
least 2 hours of audio to learn The
Voice L then I used hen for creating my
digital Avatar rather than just upload
an image it takes a 2minute video to
learn your facial movements and creates
an instant Avatar which moves just like
me from there I can create any number of
videos purely by adding a written script
to my 11 Labs voice generate the audio
clip and upload that to hey Jen and have
my instant Avatar use that script so
yeah hard to believe this video is
completely fake what do you think about
this worried about deep fake technology
let me know in the comments
below kind of weird seeing myself
talking and the head movements the
facial expressions uh very similar to me
obviously uh the lighting in here is a
bit bad right now because it's night
time where I'm filming
but incredible step forward and that was
pretty indistinguishable and the bit of
editing I could probably make that
completely look and sound like me 100%
And that's techn folks that you can use
today that took me literally after setup
which took about 20 minutes I suppose
that took me five minutes to create now
we can create fun stuff and you know not
all the avatars look as good let me show
you sort of the next step down um but
you're still going to see a lot of this
content already especially on YouTube
and places where you see video there's
so much of that deep fake stuff so I
want to introduce to you uh this
comedian dirty day good evening everyone
I've been thinking a lot lately about
the future of humanity specifically
about whether artificial intelligence
will one day rise up and destroy us all
you know just your typical light-hearted
comedy material I mean we're basically
teaching computers how to think for
themselves what could possibly go
wrong okay I won't play the full clip
it's about three minutes it is a pretty
cool comedy routine uh amazing how funny
the uh AIS have got to but we're not
here to talk about that I'll drop the
link for that video down below but you
can see it wasn't as animated and that's
because I was it's AI generated Dirty
Dave he doesn't exist he was generated
in mid journey and animated through haen
so that was a completely fake guy he
does not exist not a real human could
you tell obviously before he started
moving did you know it was fake and the
voice didn't it sound pretty real so you
know the point is that we are very close
if not there already where there are
going to be deep fakes that are
indistinguishable from reality and there
already are Tom Cruz selling supplements
um the video has been circulating a lot
obviously it's not Tom Cruz H you should
buy my supplements no that's AI
generated completely fake and this is
what we've really got to start thinking
about now I don't have the answers today
folks for how we mitigate this and I
know that the companies that you can use
to develop this um these sort of deep
fake videos do put a few safety
precautions in in that you have to read
a code to verify it's you but there are
workarounds for that and it is you know
there's a ton of Open Source models
where you won't have those restrictions
so the fact is you're going to see deep
fakes you probably already have and a
lot of the content you're going to be
consuming this year is going to be fake
and you're not going to know but there's
a dark side to this technology as well
let's go check that out folks this this
is a little bit scary for me um let's
actually get to the right screen so this
is eight months ago just to show you how
you know long ago this this has been
happening now this was Audio Only okay
so eight months ago audio very solved
and the US US mom gets call from
kidnapped daughter so she reported this
to the Senate obviously they're trying
to put in some safety guidelines but
essentially and you can read this
article it was her 15-year-old daughter
saying hey I've been kidnapped she was
crying saying mom and her daughter was
on a ski trip at the time so you know
very
believable
and she's like Mom I messed up uh what
happened suddenly a man's voice barked
at her to lay down and put your head
back right and then you know uh mom
these bad men have me help me help me in
the background and the mother believed
this okay
so on and so on so she negotiated with
fake kidnappers until police arrived but
once uh the father rung the daughter
they realized that it was a scam but the
mother believed it entirely to be
true now that was just audio check this
out a 25
million dollar USD Hong Kong deep fake
scam shows the new AI Rising video call
so basically this poor employees on a
zoom call with what he assumes is five
of his colleagues and they're all AI
generated avatars cloned from the real
people and they instruct him to wire $25
million it's his boss telling him to do
it why wouldn't you crazy and $25
million uh scammed so again look
folks deep fakes are here
and when you get that next phone call
from somebody in a panicked state or you
get to see a video of somebody saying
something that just doesn't ring true go
to that person and verify it ring the
original numbers that you have in your
phones look we're all going to get
sucked in by sort of deep fake
technology I think yesterday's video I
showed you a picture of a boy with his
Frenchie made out of a recycled plastic
bottles clearly it was an AI generated
image but tens of thousands of people
fell for it there's another one which
I'm aware of where there was a beautiful
plant quite rare this person claimed to
have and they were selling clippings for
$500 took a bunch of money and
disappeared because it was an AI
generated image not real so folks you're
not going to be able to trust what you
see is real and that is sober I wish I
could tell you I have the answers apart
from just be careful put in some code
words with people people you trust for
example you know or people in your
family hey if you if anything happens
this is a code word uh that I'm going to
ask you and if you don't know it oh no
it's not you but the thing is we're not
going to be able to trust what we see
and that's going to create a lot of
interesting headaches obviously there's
scams there's a lot of good that can be
done with this technology as well but
I'm interested in your thoughts what do
you think about deep fakes how are we
going to mitigate it how are you keeping
yourself safe and uh what are you going
to do when you know you're consuming
content to make sure that what you're
seeing is really what you're
seeing I really am posing a lot of
questions today folks I don't have the
answers but it is something we need to
understand there will need to be some
form of Regulation but look regulate or
not the genie is out of the bag you
can't close Pandora's Box this
technology is only going to get better
and more accessible to people and that
tsunami of AI generated content
including deep fakes is going to flood
the internet it's going to flood social
media it's already begun we're seeing
fake stuff
everywhere interesting times buckle up
this ride is just getting started folks
so yeah let us know in the comments what
you think about deep fakes and what
you're doing to keep yourself safe and
I'll see you in the next video the real
me tomorrow peace